Instructor: Scrum Team Roles. Scrum simplifies projects down to only three roles. Remember, one of the benefits of this framework is keeping things simple. The three roles are, the Scrum Master, the Product Owner, and the Development Team.
These three roles form the Scrum Team.
The Scrum Master. The Scrum Master's purpose is to understand the Scrum rules and practices, remove any impediments or blockers to the team delivering, and to help the team to understand how to self-organize and work in a Scrum manner.
The Scrum Master facilitates for the Scrum Team wherever it makes sense to do so.
The Scrum Master is your go-to guy in terms of how the Scrum framework should operate, and this applies to anyone in the organization.
The Scrum Master usually understands how to aid the Product Owner in maximizing return on investment from the business, and helps the team to work together to be as productive as humanly possible and deliver a shipable increment of the product, now called the releasable increment.
The Product Owner.
The Product Owner is responsible for creating requirements on behalf of the business. He prioritizes based on business needs and is responsible for managing the product backlog.
The product backlog is the list of all the features that the business requires in the finished product.
The Product Owner is responsible for making decisions that maximize return on investment and for making priority calls or trade-offs to maximize the product's value.
The Development Team.
The Development Team are responsible for building a potentially releasable product increment in each sprint. Scrum is clear that there are only three roles in the Scrum Team. It does not go into the specifics of all the different possible knowledge experts within the Development Team.
There are three roles within the Scrum Team and the Development Team is one of those roles. The idea is that if push came to shove, Development Team members would collaborate to perform tasks outside of their role
to deliver the product.
The Development Team are self-organizing and collaborative, as well as skilled in whatever is needed to deliver the project.
